'Alright, Froakie! Way to go!'
[ATTACK]
I want you to face the rock
and use Bubble!
[EXERTION]
Awesome! Now use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Yes!
SANPEI
'You have much work to do!'
[ATTACK]
So you've found me, eh?
[all gasping]
Wow! A ninja!
[AMAZED]
[CURIOUS]
Now, Ninja Leaf Shroud!
He's gone!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Pokémon oh you're
my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon
gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"A Rush of Ninja Wisdom!"
NARRATOR
En route to Cyllage City
where Ash intends to challenge
his second Kalos region Gym
our heroes have encountered
a mysterious ninja.
Where could he have gone?
[EXCITED]
'Use your Frubbles!'
Good, Froakie! Let's go!
[EXERTION]
Who's that Pokémon?
POKEDEX
Frogadier,
the Bubble Frog Pokémon and
the evolved form of Froakie.
'Frogadier's speed
is unmatched.'
'It can climb a tower
over two thousand feet tall'
'in one minute.'
The evolved form of Froakie?
[EXERTION]
[all gasping]
It's so cool!
[AGREEING]
I am Sanpei,
a young and skillful ninja!
‐ So you're a ninja?
‐ Incredible!
[SURPRISED]
My name's Ash,
you've got a great partner
there with Frogadier!
How about a battle
with my Froakie?
I've been looking
for a suitable opponent
for my Frogadier
to battle against.
But I have my doubts that your
Froakie is powerful enough.
What?
[ANNOYED]
Won't know
until we try, will we?
[AGREEING]
Alright, then.
I accept your challenge!
[EXERTION]
Yeah! Okay, Froakie, let's go!
[AGREEING]
CLEMONT
The one‐on‐one battle
the young ninja,
is about to begin!
'The battle will be over
when one Pokémon'
'is unable to continue.'
'Is that understood?'
‐ Hm.
Alright. Battle begin!
You may have
the first move, Ash.
I accept. Froakie, use Bubble!
[BUBBLE MOVE]
Dodge it!
[EXERTION]
So fast!
Well, we can move fast too!
Now, chase Frogadier
and use Pound!
[AGREEING]
Frogadier, dodge!
[ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
Now, try it again!
[ATTACK]
[EXERTION]
Frogadier's quick!
In that case, aim and use
Water Pulse, let's go!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Now use Smokescreen!
[SMOKESCREEN MOVE]
[all gasping]
Where did Frogadier go?
[SURPRISED]
It's a ninja stealth skill.
[UNSURE]
Froakie, concentrate!
Use your instinct! Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
‐ Aah!
‐ Now use Bubble!
[BUBBLE MOVE]
Counter with Bubble!
[STUNNED]
Froakie!
[CONFIDENT]
Water Pulse, let's go!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Now! You use Water Pulse too!
Aah!
[EXERTION]
‐ Yeah, way to go!
‐ Awesome!
So is Frogadier stronger
because it's the evolved form
of Froakie?
[CHEERING]
Being the evolved form
has nothing to do with it!
We're gonna win
this using our spirit!
Now, Froakie, Water Pulse!
[EXERTION]
Use Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK]
[CONFUSED]
‐ Oh, no!
‐ I'm getting dizzy.
[EXERTIONS]
I've never seen a Quick Attack
like this before.
[EXERTIONS]
Dodge it, quick!
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]/[WEAK]
‐ You okay?
‐ This battle is over.
No one has ever withstood
my Frogadier's Quick Attack
and been able
to continue battling.
[AGREE]
[EXERTION]
That's the spirit, Froakie!
We're just getting warmed up!
Alright, then use Quick Attack,
one more time!
[QUICK ATTACK]
[gasps]
Now! Ninja Leaf Shroud!
[NINJA LEAF SHROUD MOVE]
‐ Froakie!
‐ 'It was already over.'
Huh?
Froakie just wouldn't quit.
Froakie.
[SAD]
I hate to admit it,
but we lost.
Here. Drink this.
We lost because I didn't
come up with a good strategy.
‐ I let you down. I'm Sorry.
‐ That's exactly correct.
‐ Huh?
‐ What was that?
And not only strategy
your Froakie
still needs
a lot more training.
You completely misread
the way our battle progressed
and Froakie trusted
its own power
far more than it should have.
You were fortunate
Froakie didn't take
more damage than it did.
[AGREE]
[grunting]
‐ Here!
‐ What's that?
It's a remedy that's been
formulated using Energy Root.
It will replenish
Froakie's energy.
[SURPRISED]/[CRAZED]
When a medicine is bitter
you can be quite sure
that it's going to work!
[laughing]
Wow, Froakie's looking
better already!
Well,
it's time for us to leave.
[AGREE]
‐ Hey, wait a minute!
‐ Hm?
Something else
I can do for you?
Please!
Show me how you did it!
‐ Did what?
‐ Huh?
In all the time
I've been training
I've never seen a Quick Attack
as amazing as the one
Frogadier used in battle!
So, please teach my Froakie
how to use it like that!
You want to learn
how to do it, don't you?
[AGREE]
Won't you help us?
[ANXIOUS]
Hm. Alright.
‐ You're not kidding?
‐ No way!
Yeah!
Isn't that great, Froakie?
[HAPPY]
But! My training methods
are very strict!
That's just fine with us!
Okay, Froakie?
[AGREE]
Watching this
is such amazing stuff!
Two Trainers can be part
of a really tough battle
and then be friends
once their battle's over.
That's what
a Pokémon battle's all about.
So you know,
when I train a Pokémon
I train them hard and I train
hard along with them.
Yeah, I'm right with you!
I'll train hard
right along with Froakie!
I want to be a ninja too!
Then Bonnie,
just leave it to me!
[EXCITED]
[laughs]
I'm a ninja!
Awesome, Bonnie!
You really look the part!
Thanks!
The important thing about
Quick Attack is, of course
to be able to move quickly.
And to do that, one must develop
springy and flexible muscles
so the first thing
we need to do
is work on
strengthening your spring.
Hm, I'd say it's time
for me to step up!
You'd better prepare yourselves
for this! Clemontic Gear, On!
I call this my Muscle Mass
Magnifying Machine!
I thought we'd encounter
a situation
precisely like this one!
Uh, Okay. So you put
springs on your shoes.
[SURPRISED]
Ah, but they're not
normal springs!
'The basis of all exercise
is increasing muscle strength.'
'The springs I've equipped
in these shoes'
'multiply the power
of your jumping'
by using your body weight
in the process!
Because of the added load
of your body weight
they strengthen your
leg muscles rapidly!
Wow. Science is so amazing!
Allow me to show you
how it works.
[screams]
Well, he disappeared
really fast, no doubt!
[laughs]
Camouflage skill!
[SEARCHING]
Training must proceed
step by step.
Frogadier,
please demonstrate for them
our basic training method.
[EXERTIONS]
So quick!
Alright, Froakie, do you think
you can keep up with Frogadier?
[AGREE]
There's no better time
for you to give it a try!
[EXERTIONS]
I am always one with my Pokémon.
Always!
Yeah, me too!
[EXERTIONS]
You're not jumping fast enough!
[grunting]
ASH
'Keep it up, Froakie!'
You're still jumping
too slowly!
How about this?
[EXERTIONS]
Faster!
[YELL]
I can't do any more!
[WORRIED]
[grunting]
[EXERTIONS]
Excellent!
It looks like
Froakie's beginning
to move just
as fast as Frogadier is.
Keep up the pace,
you're getting there!
[EXERTIONS]
That was well done!
Time for the next step!
Ninja stealth skill.
Next, we'll teach Froakie
to run over water.
‐ Huh?
‐ On water?
But running on water
is scientifically impossible.
Nah, we can do it!
Alright, Frogadier
will show you how it's done.
[EXERTIONS]
[PLEASED]
I can't believe Frogadier
really ran on water.
Froakie! Now
it's your turn to show 'em!
[EXERTIONS]
Froakie, you can do it!
[STRUGGLING]
Aah!
[LAUGHING]
[ANGRY]
Okay, now it's my turn!
[grunting]
Oh, no, Ash!
Are you okay?
[CONCERNED]
No good. Can't do it!
Naturally it's impossible
for me as well!
Huh? Why didn't you
tell me that?
The trick to being able
to run over water
is to make sure
you move your feet quickly.
Move your feet quickly.
Can you do that, Froakie?
[EXCITED]
Yeah, like that! Go!
[AGREE]/[EXERTIONS]
Froakie, no!
[EXERTIONS]
Okay, try it again!
You can do it, Froakie!
[EXERTIONS]
Show 'em how it's done, Froakie!
[EXERTION]
[PLEASED]
Feeling frustrated?
Then use all that frustration
and get out there! Do it!
[EXERTION]
You did it!
[EXCITED]
[UNIMPRESSED]
[ANNOYED]
JESSIE 'That Frogadier
is something else.'
Team Rocket ninjas. Great!
No, wait.
Team Rocket ninja Pokémon.
We'll put together a ninja
Pokémon posse and Froakie
and Frogadier will be the stars!
[AGREE]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Frogadier!
[EXCITED]
Okay, Sanpei, what kind
of training do we do next?
Now let me think.
[stomach grumbling]
No! I'm as embarrassed
as I can be.
That's nothing
a little lunch can't fix
and I'll take care
of the cooking!
‐ And I'll make the dessert.
‐ It's ninja lunchtime!
ALL
'Alright! Let's eat!
'Hey, thanks!'
Wow! This is great!
Delish! What is it?
You're eating fried noodles.
It's now my favorite food!
I'd heard of it from
my friends in Ninja Village.
It's so good!
Please try the cookies
I baked too!
This is the best cookie ever!
There's nothing like a nap
after a good meal.
For sure!
So Sanpei, that
Ninja Village you mentioned
is that your hometown?
That's right.
It's also the home
of my oldest brother, Ippei
who is by far the strongest
man in Ninja Village.
He's there with his Greninja.
Ash
Greninja?
SANPEI The final
evolution of Froakie.
And there's my
other brother Nihei
who lives in Ninja Village
as well, with his Venusaur.
So there's Ippei, there's
Nihei and there's Sanpei.
My ultimate goal is to one day
defeat both of my brothers
and assume the title
of strongest ninja
in Ninja Village
once and for all.
So I guess
you left Ninja Village
so you could train, right?
SANPEI
'Exactly. What about you, Ash?'
I'm working hard to one day
become a Pokémon Master!
SANPEI
Oh.
It's incredible how even though
your goals are different
you're both working as hard as
you can to realize your dreams.
Sounds like you make
good rivals!
[EXCITED]
SANPEI
'Next we'll train by jumping
from tree branch to tree branch
in order to get the kind of
explosive power one needs
to execute an exceptional
Quick Attack.
Alright then Ash and Froakie,
you follow Frogadier and me!
Froakie, this is where we
really need to step on the gas!
Then, let's go!
[EXERTIONS]
Yeah! Woah!
Always look two
or three branches ahead!
You'll go faster!
Once you get the hang of it,
you won't believe your speed!
Wow, Froakie!
You've gotten a lot faster!
[EXERTIONS]
Yeah, keep it up, Froakie!
[HAPPY]
[screams]
‐ 'Are you two alright?'
‐ Yeah!
Remember, you need to act
with complete awareness of your
surroundings at all times!
I'll do that! Thanks a lot!
[EXERTING]
Now, Ninja Leaf Shroud!
And next up, we finally work
on our Quick Attack!
Hear that? We're ready to go!
Alright, Frogadier,
show them how it's done.
Now use Quick Attack!
[QUICK ATTACK]
I get it.
Quick Attack generates
so much power because it's done
with so much speed!
Yeah! Frogadier's Quick Attack
is as awesome as I've seen!
Wow!
Now, why don't you
give it a try?
Right! Okay, Froakie,
Quick Attack, let's go!
[QUICK ATTACK]
Froakie's form is correct,
but it still moves too slowly.
Okay, one more time!
You've got to move your feet
with more speed!
[EXERTIONS]
Keep thinking
of your next move!
We're almost there!
But I still wouldn't call what
Froakie's doing a Quick Attack.
[EXPLAINING]
[SURPRISED]
Hold on, what's that?
JESSIE
'Prepare for trouble!'
'Hold on for dear life!'
JAMES
'Make double, fury and strife!'
JESSIE
'To protect the world
from devastation!'
JAMES
'To unite all people
within our nation!'
'To denounce the evils
of truth and love!'
JAMES
'To extend our reach
to the stars above!'
‐ Jessie!
‐ And it's James!
Team Rocket stealthily blasts
off at the speed of light!
Surrender now or prepare
for one ninja‐esque fight!
Meowth, that's right!
[AGREE]
Team Rocket!
Who are they?
They're really bad guys who
steal other people's Pokémon!
JESSIE
'It's a gift!'
JAMES
'Now we're going to add Froakie'
'and Frogadier to our
evil Pokémon ranks!'
We'll catch them right now,
then the Boss will say thanks!
[all gasping]
Oh, yeah!
Frogadier, Frubbles!
[FRUBBLES MOVE]
My hair's frosted!
Alright Ash, Froakie
and Frogadier need to put
their strength together!
So that's what we'll do!
Hm, well, I prefer apart!
‐ Separate them!
‐ Don't sweat it!
You got to keep
them separated!
BOTH
Quick Attack, let's go!
[QUICK ATTACK]
Froakie, no!
[SURPRISED]/[ATTACK]
MEOWTH
'Feet don't fail me now!'
Okay. Net!
[PAINED]
[SURPRISED]
‐ Frogadier!
‐ Oh, hear, hear!
‐ Pikachu, use Iron Tail!
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
MEOWTH
'More net!'
[STRUGGLING]
Aah! Pikachu too?
JAMES
'You're a crack shot!'
Catching three Pokémon
hits the spot!
No way! Froakie,
Quick Attack, once more!
[QUICK ATTACK]
The only way you could dodge
these is not be here!
[DODGING]
[YELLING]
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
‐ Huh?
‐ What's going on?
Froakie's using Double Team!
[EXERTIONS]
MEOWTH
'I don't want to play
Pick the Real Pokémon!'
Now. Water Pulse!
[EXERTIONS]
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Wow, Froakie did it!
Okay! Pikachu, Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
‐ Let's wrap this up!
‐ Okay!
‐ Use Water Pulse, now!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
TEAM ROCKET
We're blasting off again!
[AGREE]
[cheering]
Froakie and Pikachu,
you're safe!
[EXCITED]
Amazing!
You were great, Frogadier!
[HAPPY]
Frogadier, I think we owe them
a debt of gratitude
for all they did for us.
[AGREE]
We're the ones
who should thank you.
You're the reason
Froakie could use Double Team.
Thanks so much
for all the great training!
Ash, that was
as amazing a Double Team
as any I've ever seen either
of my brothers' Pokémon use!
Thanks, although it really
started out as a Quick Attack
but I guess that's okay.
Froakie's Double Team should be
very useful from here on out.
It gives you another move
to use in battles!
And it's totally cool!
Okay, we're off. Let's battle
again next time we meet, Okay?
You've got yourself a deal!
Take care!
‐ See you!
‐ Bye!
Be good!
Farewell, everyone!
NARRATOR
Thanks to the guidance
of Sanpei and Frogadier
Froakie has honed
its Quick Attack skills
and learned how to use
Double Team!
Now, after promises
to meet again
our heroes are
back on the road
as the journey continues.
[theme music]